Introduction and Overview sections not written yet.  But why is there
a separate overview section?

The following:
   ... for more information how to get it.
is not proper English.  Try something like:
   ... for information about obtaining a copy.

Awkward English:
   Considering you obtained sbsat as tar.gz archive you will need to unpack
   it first.
should be:
   If your copy of sbsat is the tarball sbsat-vxxx.tar.gz you will need to
   decompress and unpack it first.

Compiling...

It says tar and gzip are present on most platforms.  That may be true for
unix platforms but not windows platforms.  Do you have a way to get the 
distribution to windows users?  For example, using zip?  Or maybe making a
self-extracting executable?

It does not say that one should make a directory to put the distribution
into before compiling.  Perhaps in /usr/local?  Then they may have to be
root?

Awkward English:
   Change the current directory into newly created one.
should be:
   Change to the newly created directory.
or
   Change directory to the newly created one.

   And run configure and make
should be
   Run configure and make

Regarding make check - it should be mentioned this only works from the 
distribution directory.

Regarding make install - the user should be reminded to become root.
Why should this be optional?  Maybe both check and install should be
given without being "optional"?

Instead of the "Advantage.." sentence, say that the user must set a path
variable to use the software.  Say what the path variable should be.

Running...
   From now on I will assume
should be
   From now on it will be assumed

   Usage of ..
should be
   Invoke sbsat using ..

How can an option be required?  You might say:
   Following the convention of the open source community, options
   --help and --version will provide command line parameter
   information types and package version numbers.

Instead of "start" or "started" say "launch" or "launched" or "invoke" or
"invoked"

Current Section 6 should be Section 5.1 (and so on)

There are so many options - many another list in alphabetical order would
be helpful.

Page 8: The ITE Interface: it says the process is as follows then lists
   one item - maybe more will follow?

Move the sentence saying the interface can be used in front of any solver
to the beginning section (that is, 7, not a subsection like 7.1 - but
of course the section numbering now is changed slightly).

I am going to need to spice up some of the language of section 7.1 - it
is really important that users understand the potential of this tool.

Page 9: you have "p bdd #vars #equations" but the text refers to #inputvars.
Please make these consistent.

Section 7.1.2 - can keywords be placed anywhere or are there restrictions?
Answer goes here on page 9.

he should be s/he or else alternate he / she in the text or else say
"he or she".  Same for his/her.

In example for INITIALBRANCH you state what INITIALBRANCH does.  Pull that
out and explain before the example.

If VAR is obsolete why stick it in?  If there had been a previous release
where VAR was needed I can see it for backward compatibility.  But we have
not really released yet so forget about it, I think.

What equation does $5 refer to?  That has to be in here somewhere.

Continue this section with examples even though they may seem obvious.

OK, I see things like GCF are not yet finished.

Hmmm... I thought you said INITIALBRANCH was the only keyword taking
arguments in parens but I think that all the others do too.  What's the
deal?

Do people know what a BDD really is?  Can they interpret the picture on
Page 13 without an explanation?

Page 14: ADD_STATE: explain why this comes in handy.

Section 8 on: not yet developed.





